In the last lecture.
We created our own component the server component here.
It's almost ready to be used but to use it we need to change something about our app module WHAT IS
AIR old angular uses components to build web pages and uses modules to basically bundle different pieces
for example components of your app into packages.
You know this is kind of an advanced feature but later in the course I will have a whole section about
modules for the majority of this course we will only use the app module which is absolutely fine for
a lot of projects only in bigger projects you might think about splitting up your app into multiple
aapke modules.
But what does this app will do what is a module then.
Well it's as I said bundle of functionalities of our app and it basically gives England the information
which features does my app have and use as you can see it all is just the empty typescript class like
component and asked component we transform it into something else by adding a decorator here.
It's the Engy module decorator which is also imported from an angular core.
Now in there we see four properties we set up on the object we passed to you module declarations imports
providers and bootstrap.
We had a look at bootstrap this was responsible for tallying angler hate which component should you
be aware of at the point of time the whole application starts.
So which component would you basically recognize in the index extremophiles.
And that was the app component.
Now I already mentioned that we won't add any more component selectors to the next HDMI file.
That's just not how it works.
Therefore we want to actually bootstrap.
Still we added a new component to angular and this new component had now has to be registered here in
the module so did angler knows that this component exists because and this is important by default Engler
will not scan all your files here.
So if you don't tell it that the server component exists it doesn't know it.
Just creating the file is not enough.
That is why we have to register it here in the NGI module to tell Engler Hey part of this module and
they right here our whole app since we only have this module is the server component.
We do register new components in this declarations array.
We already register the app component here because even though it's also used in Bootstrap it also is
a part of our app.
Now we also need to add the server component here.
Adding it like this is not enough though because now angler would kind of know that this is part of
the app but typescript wouldn't know where to find this type where to find the server component.
So when we try to bundle our code we would get an error but you can actually see if you saved this triggering
the recompilation.
You'll see that we get an error in the terminal down there that it can't find server component because.
And does this not angler does this type stropped.
It doesn't know where this file is where to find this class.
So we need to add import at the top manually pointing to this.
So we add server components here as they import from dot slash server and then here in the server component
and you admit the dot TS You don't add dot ts to your import it's shust server dot component so the
file name without the extension the extension is added by web bag which bundles our project automatically.
So with this and it's just so important.
Does this not end or does is a typescript feature now typescript knows where to find this.
Therefore everything can be bundled so therefore now Engler when it runs knows that we have a server
component and that is part of our app.
And with this we can now finally use our component.
We will do this in the next lecture.
But maybe you're also wondering what imports and providers to us here in the module.
I'll come back to providers later in the services section imports simply allows us to add some Alber
modules.
Judas Marchal because I told you you can split up your app into multiple modules and then you can import
these modules to basically make this modular bit leaner and outsource some stuff into another module.
Now I told you that we are only going to use one module.
So what are we importing here.
Some modules built into angular because angular itself is split up into modules so the browser module
for example gives us all the base functionality we need to start our app and forms and HTP module that
is something I come back to you for his or HTP section of the course.
So with days the basics about this march of be clear again we'll dive deeper into this later in the
course.
We also register our own component.
Let's now use it in the next lecture.